# Episode 1: The trial ?

### Chapter 1: The night before #WIP
It was a dark and stormy night. However, in Mark's bedroom, nothing of the turbulence outside was noticeable. It was a big day tomorrow for him. Thoughts sped across his mind at what felt like lightspeed, and he was nervous for he had heard the stories of what had happened to those before him. Only one out of every five groups which attended the trial, came out alive. However, somewhere deep inside Mark was a glimpse of excitement. Who knew what could happen tomorrow? Maybe Mark was going to join the collection of gruesome stories which he'd been told.

No. Definitely not. He'd trained for this, both mentally and physically. He was more prepared than any other student would ever be. Moreover, he was the class ace. And hopefully, although improbable, he'd get grouped up with the other class' aces. This happens randomly, and the last time this happened was after The Seventh Gatekeeper of Hurok had fallen. And that happened in The Battle of Grimhuel which took place in the year of the 79th trial. This trial, the one Mark was going to attend was the 99th.

Soon Mark drifted into sleep while speculating about what could play out tomorrow. He had plans for all of the different scenarios. If he'd be placed in an all-ace group, with the worst students, or some mediocre ones. Although, there was one thing he could not plan for. The scenarios.

A trial is a form of test every 17-year-old needs to take to graduate from school and become a certified marker. All 17-year-olds in Yuksak, the country Mark lives in, have to take the trial. It consists of two parts. The first one has three so-called scenarios, and each scenario contains a different set of challenges. Every year the scenarios are randomized and sometimes past years' scenarios are part of newer trials, however, that is a rare occurrence. Nevertheless not something to ignore. The scenarios are revealed on the day of the trial after the groups have been announced. 

The second and last part of the trial is called the finale. It is a competition between the five groups in the whole country, who performed the best in the scenarios. The reward for winning the finale is The Royal Script of Mystics. It is a powerful script if one chooses to use it in that way. The script can also be used as a valuable trade item which in turn might make the seller financially independent. That is what Mark was aiming for.

### Chapter 2: The Parting War
In the world of Cealand are only five islands and one big ocean sorrounding them. On these five islands are eight nations established. Of all these nations is Yuksak currently the least powerful one. Because long ago when Cealand was united as one under the ruling of Yuksak, due to unknown reasons, people of the north started rebelling against the leaders. More and more people started rebelling and soon an all out war broke out. The rebellion, which had managed grown to all islands except Hytenborg, the island of Yuksak, somehow managed to make the guardians the leaders had placed on each island to turn against them. The Guardion of Hytenborg stood no chance. Inevitably, the four Guardians laid waste to Hytenborg. However, there were yuksakian survivors.

The winners of The Parting War, as it is called, then made new cities, nations and lived their life without as much as giving Yuksak a thought. 20 years later, Yuksak was once again a functioning nation. They contacted the other nations and proposed a contract. Every nation signed the contract and peace was restored in Cealand. But Cealand wasn't the same anymore.

### Chapter 3: The group choosing
Mark woke up sweaty, yet alert. He'd had a nightmare. *It's only a nightmare, not reality*. Still, he couldn't shake the feeling something was off. But it was not until he left for the trial that he noticed it. A small patch of dust and sand laid right in front of him as he just had stepped through the front door. _What? the rune is still intact and shouldn't be weakend yet. It is still in full force right?_ Mark ran inside and wished his father was here, however, Marks father had already gone of to work. Instead, Mark quickly dashed in to the livingroom. There, on the wall, placed like a painting, was a void reminiscent of the letter R. The void tried to disguise itself with the material of reality but did not really succeed. Mark was distrought. He couldn't believe it. 

It looked fine. The rune was still intact and hid itself at the best of it abilities. As Mark was returning outside he concluded the dust must've blown there and not fallen from the roof or wall. The wind was strong today, but mark had prepared his clothes for this day a long time so the wind didn't bother him. He'd put low level runes on the clothes so they would keep him confortable, protected and also take care of his biological needs. Much like his ancestors had put the rune on his house, although that rune was made so the house wouldn't be able to get damaged or destroyed. 

When Mark entered school he was greeted by his pal Omnic. Omnic had red hair, yellow gleaming eyes and a bandana around his neck. He wore a T-shirt with a grafitti print on it, of course designed by Omnic himself. As for pants, he had military green cargopants, filled to the brim with unimportant stuff. "Whoa you're decked out dude!" Omnic said when he saw Marks clothes. Mark wore his signature mustard-yellow beanie. But, he wore that everyday. Omnic meant Marks other clothes, the ones with runes. It was a pair of black pants which fitted marks legs perfectly. To add to that, Mark had knee- and shoulder protection of rune inscripted steel, agility enhancing runes on his black, sturdy boots and a belt around his legs carrying essentials. Then he had a white jacket with a sword on his back and black, open-finger gloves.

"Good to see you too Omnic" Mark replied with a smile on his face. Dispite the nightmare Mark had last night, he was feeling good about today. He was going to do his best, and that is what matters. "If you do your best, destiny will guide you" his father always said. _So thats what im going to do!_

"You comin Mark? Why you taking so long? Lets head in!" Omnic called out standing in front of the gate to the assembly hall. "Yeah! Wait up Omnic!" as Mark is quickly making his way to the door, Omnic slips through the gate. 

Mark entered the assembly hall with his eyes scouring the room. In the back left corner, the cloudsky faction are gathered. Their signature turqoise coats subtly glowing. Figuring its due to a rune, Mark continues to look around the assembly hall.

_There he is! That bastard Omnic, aleays running off wothout his mates!_ As Mark once again catches up to Omnic, he makes a right turn now walking towards the stage, passing the poison faction and the charging faction. Further making his way towards Omnic, now at the other side of the hall, Mark has the stage on his right and the front-row of teachers to his left. 

"Hi Mark!" Mrs. Clou says. "Hi Mrs. Clou!" He replies with a giant smile, unable to repress the excitement of the future mixed with the tycicity of the Mark-chasing-Omnic Situation. "Are you nervous?" Mrs. Clou asks. "No, not really. I have all the runes you tought me in my arsenal so I'll be fine!" Mark says chuckling. "Alright, alright, go to Omnic now. He's waiting for you and starting to get impatient. 

Leaving Mrs. Clou Mark starts to get a feeling that something is off. _Is it the lack of nervoisness? No. The so familiar yet so wierd feeling of Mrs. Clous room reading abilities? No, its wierd but familiar. The glow of the cloudskies' coats? Maybe. Have they always been like that? Is it really a rune? Or a concoction from the charging faction?

"Finally you're here! Man what took you so long? The Grand Magus is just about to begin." As Omnic finished his sentence, it all happend at the same time. The Grand Magus opened his mouth, the big, round stained glass window at the back of the hall shattered with an eardeafening crash. Marks mind sped. Then, it clicked. He know what to do, he had been here before, but this time was different. This time, nobody would get hurt. Because, this time it wasnt a dream. This was reality.

Throwing two emergency runes on Omnic to keep him safe was the first course of action. Next, was stopping the projectile soaring through the window. Mark did not have time, nor did he need to see what the object was. He knew from the dream. A ghostly white metal spear with golden details and an intricately shaped head. Sharp as a newly cut piece of obsidian. Heading right for The Grand Magus.

_How am I gonna stop this spear? Maybe I dont have to stop it, I might just be able to shift its trajectory._ With a plan hatched in his mind, Mark proceeded to punch in the air towards The Magus. His rune-inscripted shoulder protection flies from Mark's shoulder across his elongated arm towards the magis at an incredible speed. It hits the front of the spear, barely changing its trajectory. 
