### The night before [WIP]
[22:04] It was a dark and stormy night. However, in Mark's bedroom nothing of the turbulence outside was noticable. It was a big day tomorrow for him. Thoughts sped across his mind in at what felt like lightspeed, and he was nervous for he had heard the stories of what had happened to those before him. Only one group out of every five which attended came out alive from the trail. However, somewhere deep inside of Mark was a glimpse of excitment. Who knew what could happen tomorrow? Maybe Mark was going to join the collection of gruesome stories which he'd been told?

No. Definetly not. He'd trained for this, both mentally and physically. He was mor prepared than any other students would ever be. Moreover, he was the class ace. And hopefully, altough improbable, he'd get grouped up with the other class aces. This happens randomly and the last time this happened was after The Gatekeeper of Yul had fallen. And that happened in The Battle of Grimhuel which took place the year of the 79th trail. This trial, the one Mark was going to attend was the 99th.

Soon Mark drifted into sleep while speculating what could play out tomorrow. He had plans for all of the different scenarios. If he'd be placed in an all ace group, with the worst students, or some mediocre ones. Although, there was one thing he could not plan for. The scenarios. A trail consists of three parts and one final. The three first parts are called scenarios, and each contain a different set of challenges. Every year the scenarios are rondomized and sometimes past years' scenarios are part of newer trails, however that is a rare occurance. Nevertheless something to ignore. The scenarios are revealed on the day of the trail after the groups have been announced. 

The final part of the trail is called the finale. It is a competition between the five best groups in the country. The reward for winning the finale is The Royal Script of Essentials. It is a powerful script if one chooses to use it in that way. The script can also be used as a valuable trade item which in turn might make the seller **financially independent**.


He'd hoped to get a suitable order of tests but Mark had no luck. A trail consists of three tests. Two of these are consistent and are the same in every test, while one is new for each trail. The order of tests are randomized and the students are not
A trail is a form of examination, which many schools use for licensing. If a student fails the trail, they can graduate, but won't recieve a markers license. But if the student successfully completes the trail, the school is permitted to assign them a license.